make an appointment to reserve conference room 100 later this week for a meeting
remind me that i need to get my shot on the 12th at about 5 pm
what time and day is my doctor's appointment on
i need to schedule a meeting
Set a reminder that I have a lab appointment with Tom at 4pm on the 5th of this month
set a reminder for my daughter's swimming lessons
I have a lab appointment with Alex at 2 at the end of March
Schedule my 10 am dentist appointment on Friday with my father.
schedule a yoga activity at 9am with my sister
put my eye doctor appointment into the calendar it's tomorrow at 3 pm and remind me 2 hours before
Set a reminder for dinner on August 8th at 3pm with my aunt.
Set meeting for Saturday 11am with the boss. 
Set a reminder for tennis with Ana at 9am on the 12th of this month.
set reminder for tennis lesson on august 12th at 4:50 pm
Please schedule a swimming activity on Sunday at 4pm with my brother.
Schedule a football activity with Ana on the 6th at 7pm.
schedule a new meeting
set a reminder for my conference call tomorrow
set date for a meeting
tell me when my dinner reservations are scheduled for
put my optometrist appointment in my calendar
car what is the date and time of my next dentist appointment
Set a reminder for yoga activity at 11 am on the 4th with Martha.
Schedule dinner with Martha on the 15th of this month at 10am.
What is the date of our dinner and who is attending?
set a reminder on the 12th to refill my prescription
Set a reminder for a doctor's appointment at 2pm on Monday the 1st with Marie.
Set an optometrist appointment for Saturday. 
Can you please find me the time, date, and what is planned for the next meeting I have scheduled in my calendar?
who is going to be at the meeting?
please set reminder for the 8th at 5 pm for yoga. my aunt is coming along
Can you kindly schedule a meeting at 4pm, later this week with infrastructure to discuss dress code?
Set reminder for conference at 9AM on Wednesday with infrastructure team.
tell me when my next tennis game is
set reminder for lab check up
Set a reminder for dinner on August 3rd at 9pm with my brother. 
add meeting in conference room 102 the calendar
What day and time is my yoga activity?
what time is the football game this week
please schedule a game of tennis with my friend for next week
what time is the football game
I have an appointment at 1pm on wednesday with Alex
Schedule a conference with the vice president next week at 4PM
set a reminder for my yoga class on the 12th
I need you to set a reminder for me to take my medicine. Set it for 10 am, the 7th with Jon, please. 
make an appointment with the dentist
What day and time is my tennis activity?
tell me the time of today's football game
what time is my tennis match for this saturday
set a reminder about my swim meet next wednesday at 3 pm
can you set a reminder for a yoga activity at 2pm on the 1st
Schedule a doctor appointment with my brother for August 3rd at 10am.
What day is my lab appointment and who is coming with? 
i have a meeting on the 12th of august at 5:50 please remind me
Schedule a dinner at 3pm on Monday the 1st with Alex.
Schedule a football activity with my mother for August 14th at 11am.
schedule a blood test
set doctor's appointment for next week
Schedule a dentist appointment with Alex for Monday August 8th at 6pm.
Set a reminder to take my medicine on Monday Aug 8 at 7 pm with my mother
set date for a meeting
please add playing tennis to my schedule
Set calendar reminder for 1pm this coming tuesday with my aunt. 
set an appointment reminder for the dentist
Schedule a football activity with Tom on the 8th at 5pm.
Set a reminder for an optometrist appointment at 9am on the 6th of this month - my brother will be there as well.
i have a yoga activity. who is going with me?
set reminder for vaccination for the 12th of this month
i need to schedule a conference room
Remind me about my meeting with the vice president on Monday the 1st
Can you schedule a conference at 4pm, the 12th of this month with the vice president?
Set a reminder for my football activity today at 1pm with Jon.
set reminder for dinner
Set a reminder to take medicine with Jon at 5pm on the tenth
Schedule dinner with my father at 4 pm on Monday the 1st. 
remind me to take my pills
Set reminder for dinner at 11AM with mom on Friday
what time is dinner tonight
I need a reminder for dinner. 
Set me a reminder for football activity at 1pm, this month on the 11th, with Marie. 
set an appointment for swimming
Schedule conference with sales team on the 11th of this month 9am 
What time is my Doctor apartment and who is it with?
schedule meeting
make an appointment for the doctor on the 12th
Remind me about my yoga activity with mother on the 15th of this month, it is at 3 pm.
Schedule a swimming activity on Monday the 1st with my father at 4pm.
when's my tennis match
Schedule a conference with the vice president on the 5th at 11am.
set reminder for doctors appointment on the 12th at 4:50
Schedule a football activity with Ana for today at 11am.
make a note that at 5 pm on the 12th i have yoga
what time is my doctor's appointment
What time do I go to yoga and who is going with me?
tell me when is my next meeting and who are invited in the meeting and what are the agenda of the next meeting
Schedule a swimming activity with Jon for December 10th at 3pm.
i need to schedule a doctor's appointment
remind me to watch the football game on the 1st
Schedule taking medicine at 6 pm on the 13th of next month with my brother. 
Set a reminder for me to take my medicine at 9am on Sunday with by brother Frank.
I need to know my conference agenda, date and who is attending. 
schedule swimming time
remind me to watch football on sunday
schedule a dentist appointment at 3 next month on the 12th
Who's showing up for tennis, and what's the date on that?
when am i going swimming?
Schedule a swimming activity with Marie on Sunday at 6pm.
assistant schedule an appointment at the dentist, 9am of the 12th of current month. bring Martha with me
set a reminder for my swimming plans
what is the agenda of my meeting today
Set a reminder for my dentist appointment with dad on the first at 2PM.
set an appointment to swim next week
Schedule a swimming activity with my brother for the 7th at 11am.
Schedule a dentist appointment on the 8th at 1 pm. Ana will be joining you.
when am i playing tennis
Schedule taking medicine with Martha at 5PM next Wednesday.
Schedule a conference at 6 pm on the tenth with sales team.
Please set a reminder to take medicine at 7pm Tuesday with Ana.
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with Martha for Saturday at 2pm.
remind me to go swimming at 4:50
Set a reminder for the conference. 
Schedule a conference with the boss for this month on the 5th at 1pm.
Schedule a tennis activity with Martha for Friday at 4pm.
Hi car I would like to schedule a reminder for my tennis activity at 5pm on the tenth with Jon
Schedule a swimming activity with Tom on the 6th of this month at 2pm.
i have an eye doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
when is the football game
schedule an appointment for yoga
what time is my meeting tomorrow and what is the agenda
Schedule a lab appointment at 6 pm on August 3. Alex is coming along
When's the football activity and who's attending?
Set a reminder for a football activity at 10 am, on Friday, with Tom. 
set reminder for doctor's appointment for the tenth
What day is the swimming party and who will be attending?
Schedule a meeting at 6 pm on the 5th of this month with boss to go over quarterly report.
remind me about my lab appointment
Remind me about tennis at 10am at the end of March with Martha
Schedule a conference with the executive team for the 15th of this month at 9am.
Hi, please set up a reminder for my dinner on the 11th at 4pm with my sister. Thanks!
What time is dinner and who is it with?
schedule dentist appointment
remind me that i have a meeting at work on the 12th at 5 pm in conference room 100
What is the date of football and who is coming?
What day and time is my yoga class?
Schedule a yoga activity with Tom on the 8th at 2pm.
What is the date of my Nextt dentist appointment and who will be attending it?
tell me the time of today's meeting
set a reminder for my conference call tomorrow
Schedule meeting. 
i have a meeting tomorrow at 5 pm remind me 10 minutes before hand and attach my agenda to the calendar at 3
I really need to have an appointment scheduled for tennis on the 7th at 11 am.
When is my football activity and who is going with me?
set a reminder
when do i have dinner planned for
Set a reminder for a lab appointment at 6 pm on Sunday, August 8th with sister. 
Set a reminder that I have football at 1pm next Wednesday with Martha 
What is the date and time of my doctor appointment?
Find out immediately the location, time, and date for my meeting. 
what time is my swimming scheduled for
What time and date is my lab appointment?
when is my next meeting
What day is my lab appointment, and who all will be there?
set reminder for eye doctor appointment on the 12th at 3 pm
when am i playing tennis
set reminder for doctor's appointment for the tenth
schedule a dentist appointment at 3 next month on the 12th
tell me when my dentist appointment is
Set a reminder for doctors appointment on August 14th at 4pm with my sister
What date is my football activity and who is attending?
schedule a meeting for next week
what time is yoga class
Schedule a 6 pm meeting with my boss to go over the quarterly report on Tuesday.
remind me to go swimming on the 12th of this month
What is the date and time of my next football activity.
Find out some information for my swimming activity, parties joining me and date. 
Schedule a tennis activity for the 13th at 9 am with my brother. 
check to see if i have any meetings or conferences in the near future
Set an optometrist appointment for 3pm on the 15th of this month with my aunt
what time is my meeting at
put my optometrist appointment in my calendar
schedule lab test
Remind me that next week at 5pm I have tennis with Jon.
schedule doctor's appointment for august 3 at 10
make a reminder for me to pick up my prescription later today
show me what time i need to take my pills
Remind me about my football activity on the 1st, at 1 pm with my brother
set an appointment for a meeting on my calendar
When is the football?
I need to find out the time and parties attending my optometrist appointment. 
what time is my yoga class
remind me about the date and time that he was going to be there and what the agenda is for his business meaning
I would like to know what time and day my tennis is. 
make a note that at 5 pm on the 12th i have yoga
what is the date location and time of my next conference
What is the date, time, and agenda of my next conference?
What is the date and time of my optometrist appointment?
set reminder for laboratory request on this month on the 12th
When, where, and what time is my meeting, and who will be there?
Give me the agenda, date and time of my next meeting. 
remind me when i can get my lab results
Set a reminder to take medicine at 10am on the 11th with my brother
Set a reminder for a lab appointment on the 13th at 4PM with Jeff.
Schedule a conference with management on Monday August 8th at 10am.
I need to know who is going with me to optometrist appointment  and what day. 
what day is my dentist appointment
Can you find out who is joining me and what day my optometrist appointment is at?
set a reminder to go to conference room 104 the meeting on the 12th
What is the date and time for my doctor appointment? 
what time is my doctor's appointment tomorrow
remind me of a doctors appointment on the 29th
Car, will you schedule a Doctor's appointment for me? Set it for 11 am, tomorrow, with Jon.
i need to make an appointment to get lab testing done on a certain date
remind me about my doctor's visit
What time is my optometrist appointment and who all will be there?
What time is my doctor appointment and who is attending?
I'd like to set a reminder for my meeting at 2pm later this month please.
Schedule conference. 
What is the time of my swimming activity and who is attending?
what time is my doctor's appointment today
what day is my swimming lessons
Remind me about my optometrist appointment with my father on the 29th, at 7 pm
what time is the meeting
Set a reminder for today's optometrist appointment at 3 with my mom
tell me the date and time of my next doctor's appointment
doctor's appointment at 10 am on monday august 8th
Schedule a swimming activity with Marie for Friday at 1pm.
When is my yoga?
What is the date and time for the yoga activity?
schedule my dentist appointment on the 12th
remind me about the football game
schedule an appointment for yoga
What is the date of my next dinner and who will be attending it?
Schedule a optometrist appointment for Thursday at 5pm. My father is joining me.
Where is my meeting, which parties will be attending, and what is the meeting about?
set an alarm for my doctor's appointment
Who is attending the swimming activity and what date is it?
Who will be at my lab appointment and what day is it?
add a meeting to my calendar
What time do I have to take my medicine and who will be here?
remind me that i have a doctors appointment at 5 pm
What time is dinner and who is attending?
schedule my dentist appointment on the 12th
What is the date and time of my next optometrist appointment?
what time is my meeting
when is my next meeting
What is the agenda for the conference?
I need to find out the time and the parties attending my yoga activity. 
Set a reminder for my tennis activity at 6pm this week with Martha.
Schedule a conference for 11 am on the 6th of this month with sales team.
When is my dentist appointment? Who am I going with?
i have a dinner. when is it and who is attending
Schedule a meeting on December 10th at 2pm with the infrastructure team to discuss the merger.
Schedule a yoga activity with Martha for the 4th at 10am.
Who is going to play tennis with me? 
make me an appointment with the optometrist
Schedule a dinner at 5pm of the 12th of current month with my father.
schedule an appointment with the optometrist on the 12th
on my calendar set a time for tennis at 12 pm
Schedule dinner at 3pm next week with sister
remind me to go get a shot tomorrow
Schedule a football activity with my aunt on the 5th at 4pm.
Schedule a optometrist appointment on the 7th at 2 pm with Jon. 
add a meeting to my calendar
what time is the group meeting
Who is taking medicine with me and on what day?
Schedule an appointment at 7pm today with Jeff the optometrist, please
What is the location and time of the meeting, and who is attending?
What is the date of my next dinner event and who will be attending?
What time is my meeting and who is going to be there and what is the agenda?
I have a meeting at 3 pm, set a reminder. 
what time is the exercise class
set a reminder on my calendar for football practice at 4:50 pm on august 12th
what time is the group meeting
set reminder for dinner
What time is my tennis activity and who will be attending it?
make an appointment for me to get my laboratory results later this week
What is the date of my swimming activity and who is attending?
Schedule swimming tomorrow at 2 with my brother
set an alarm for my doctor's appointment
Hi car, can you set a reminder for my conference at 5 pm, the 6th of this month, with executive team for 1 pm?
When is the football event and who is attending?
Can you tell me when my swimming activity is? 
I need to know the agenda for my meeting as well as who is attending and the location. 
When is my conference and where is it
when is my dentist appointment
I need to know when the conference is, where it is, and who is attending. 
What is the date and time of my next doctors appointment?
what time is my lab appointment for
remind me about my son's football practice at 2 tomorrow
What is the date of my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
I need to set a reminder for a lab appointment. 
Can you set a reminder for my Optometrist appointment at 10 am, tomorrow with Jeff? 
Where's the conference happening? Who's going to be there and what are we talking about?
tell me when i have yoga class
set a reminder on the 12th to refill my prescription
What time do i need to take medicine and who will be helping me?
Set a reminder for a dentist appointment at 5 pm on Monday the 1st with my mother.
when will my lab results be in
What date is tennis activity and who is attending?
what day is my next tennis match
what day and time did i schedule my blood test for
What date is my dentist appointment and who is attending?
what time is my meeting scheduled
I have yoga on Saturday with Marie. 
What time is my lab appointment and what party is attending?
schedule yoga appointment
Schedule a conference with the vice president on August 14th at 10am.
What is the date, time, and agenda of my next conference?
remind me to pick up lab results
Schedule a dentist appointment for tomorrow at 2pm. Marie is coming along
remind me about that meeting later
make an appointment for me to get my laboratory results later this week
Who is attending dinner and what time is it?
Can you set a reminder for yoga activity at 9 am this week with father?
Schedule a meeting at 1pm, this month on the 11th with boss to discuss dress code. 
I need to schedule Yoga with Martha. 
Hello, can you set the schedule for an Optometrist appointment at 10am, on Thursday, with Marie, please and thank you. 

I need to schedule a dentist visit. 
what time am i scheduled to play tennis at
Set a reminder for optometrist appointment at 2 pm today with Marie.
What day and time is my dentist appointment?
Remind me that I have a meeting with my Boss on the 13th of next month at 5pm
On what day and time should i be taking my medicine?
Schedule a meeting on Monday the 1st at 11am with the sales team to discuss the company picnic.
When is my tennis scheduled for?
what time is my tennis activity?
What is the date, location, and agenda of my next conference?
What is the date of my dentist appointment and who will be attending it?
What is the date and time of my dentist appointment?
What date is my football activity and who is attending?
Set a reminder for taking my medicine at 4 pm on the 8th with Ana.
What is the date of the next time i need to take medicine and who will be attending?
when is my next conference
set a reminder for tennis
Can you find out the time and date for my next meeting? Oh and the location.
What time is my optometrist appointment and who will be going?
set a calendar reminder to go out to dinner
I need you to find out the time and who is attending my yoga activity. 
confirm dentist appointment on the 12th at 4:50 pm
what time is my optometrist appointment
find out the location, date and time for my meeting. 
Set a reminder for dinner at 10am on the 22nd with my aunt. 
What day and time is my lab appointment?
Tell me about my lab appointment
Schedule dinner with Martha tonight at 10pm.
make me an appointment with the optometrist
Who is going with me to the optometrist appointment?
schedule yoga class at 4:50 on the 12th
I would like to schedule a meeting at 5 PM on August 3rd with HR to discuss dress code.
What parties are on the calendar, what time are they, and where are they being held?
what is the date and time of my next meeting
What date and time is the football event?
Set a reminder for the conference with the executive team at 5pm on Monday August 7th.
set reminder to make doctor's appointment
when is the meeting
show me what time i need to take my pills
what is the date of the next vaccination
Please schedule a swimming activity Tuesday at 5pm with Martha.
Schedule a lab appointment with Ana for the 3rd at 2pm.
remind me to get a shot
schedule a work meeting for the conference room this tuesday at 10
remind me i have a tennis match on the 12th
What is the date and time for my scheduled dinner this week with Sue.
Who will be going to my doctors appointment and what day is it on?
What date and time is my dentist appointment at?
Set a reminder for tennis on August 3rd at 11am with my aunt
Schedule
schedule a doctor's appointment
remind me of my yoga activity with Marie.
remind me of my dentist appointment
What is the date and time for tennis?
I need you to set a reminder for a doctor appointment at 11 am, the 7th, with Alex.
what time is my swimming lessons scheduled
I need to schedule tennis with Jon. 
what is the date for my next yoga appointment
Schedule a doctor appointment with my brother on Monday August 8th at 5pm.
find out what time my eye doctor appointment is
remind me i have a doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
What day and time is tennis?
schedule a doctors appointment on the 12th
when is my doctor's appointment
what time is the doctor's appointment
Set a reminder for my football activity at 3pm this Tuesday, with mother. 
What time is my dentist appointment and who is going?
what is the date and time of the conference
Schedule a football activity with Jon for the 29th at 6pm.
Schedule a dinner at 6pm, on the 15th of this month, with my sister
When is the meeting, what is the agenda and who are attending?
what is the date and time of the conference
What is the time and date of my doctor appointment.
Set a reminder for a conference with the vice president next Wednesday at 10 am.
set an alarm for the football game
What time and date is my next yoga activity?
I need to see the Dentist this month the 6th at 7pm with Jon. 
when is my next yoga class
remind me about the conference tomorrow at 12 pm in conference room 100
When is yoga? Who's going to be there?
What time is my next lab appointment and who will be attending it with me?
What date is my yoga activity and who is attending? 
Schedule a dentist appointment at 3 pm on the 11th of this month with father. 
when and where is my meeting
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
What date is my optometrist appointment on and who will be attending? 
add tomorrow night's football game to my calendar for 9 pm
Set a reminder about the meeting at 4 pm this week with the sales team, to discuss the company picnic
What is the date and time for dinner?
Please set a reminder for an optometrist appointment later this week at 5pm with Marie.
Please give me all relevant information about my meeting. 
I need to schedule a doctor appointment at 10 am. The 14th of August with Alex. 
Schedule a meeting. 
Schedule a optometrist appointment with my aunt on Tuesday August 8th at 10 am.
What parties and am I attending and what are the dates
when should i take my medicine next
Remind me at 4pm next Wednesday about my conference with the sales team.
what time do the lab results come in
put on my calendar that i need to get my lab results this thursday at 3:30
What time is the football game and who will be there?
give me the time for my next doctor's appointment
What is the date of my next tennis activity and who will be attending?
What time is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
schedule a conference
What time is dinner and who is attending? 
Schedule a reminder for my tennis activity at 6pm, the tenth with father. 
what is the date time and location of my next conference
i'm taking medicine on the 1st
Car, schedule a conference at 1pm today with the infrastructure team. 
What time is my football activity and who is attending?
what day is my next meeting we will it end and what are we going to do
Good day car, I would like to schedule a meeting at 9 am, next Wednesday with management to discuss the merger. 
When is my tennis match?
Please schedule a reminder for my doctor appointment at 11am on August 3rd with Alex.
Set a reminder for a dentist appointment this month on the 11th at 11am, with Tom.
Hi, what time and date is my swimming activity?
Info for lab appointment
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending it with me?
Schedule swimming. 
Schedule a reminder about a doctor appointment with my mother at 11am on the 7th of this month.
What is the date, agenda, and time of my next meeting.
When is my dentist appointment and who is coming?
What day do I need to take my medicine and who will be there?
What is the date of my next medicine event and who will be attending?
i have an eye doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
Remind me about my optometrist appointment with Jon at 2 pm at the end of March
On what date is my doctor's appointment and who is going?
Set a reminder for my lab appointment at 2pm, this Tuesday with father. 
set reminder to take my medicine on the 12th at 3 pm
Car, remind me to take my medicine at 2 pm, Monday August 8th. I need you to add Jeff to the parties involved. 
What is the time and agenda for my meeting, and who is attending?
Remind me about my football activity with my father at 5 pm.
Set a reminder for my dentist appointment tomorrow at 9 am, with Tom
what time is my appointment today
Schedule a meeting today at 9 am with management to discuss the company picnic.
Remind me about the football activity at 4pm on the 13th with Tom
Schedule a lab appointment with my aunt for the 7th at 1pm.
doctor's appointment at 10 am on monday august 8th
What is the date and time of my next dentist appointment.
schedule an appointment
what time should i get my shot this afternoon
Schedule a yoga activity with Jon on Wednesday at 1pm.
Set a reminder for an optometrist appointment at 4pm, August 3rd. Make sure my Aunt is there.
Find out the time and parties attending for my yoga activity. 
Who is going to yoga and when is it? 
confirm meeting
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
Schedule a dentist appointment with my aunt on the 4th at 6pm.
add the football game to my calendar
I need information for my upcoming conference.
Hi car, help me find out the location, parties attending, and time for my meeting, please. 
What time is dinner and who is going?
remind me to swim tomorrow
I need a reminder for a yoga activity at 7 pm on Thursday with Jeff.
when is my next dentist appointment
Can you set my schedule for a dentist appointment at 10 am, the 15th of this month with Jon?
remind me that i have a laboratory appointment at 4:45
Set a reminder for tennis next month on the 13th at 6pm with my aunt.
add the football game to my calendar
schedule dentist appointment
Schedule Yoga with Marie at 4pm on the 5th of this month
I need you to remind me of my football activity at 3pm, Saturday with Ana. 
Set a schedule for dinner at 2pm, Sunday with mother.
What is the date and time of my next lab appointment.
what day is the meeting in the conference room
What is the date and time of my optometrist appointment?
When is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
Set a reminder for optometrist appointment on the 15th at 6PM with Marie.
remind me to watch football on sunday
Schedule a doctor appointment and my sister is coming along. 
schedule reminder for tennis practice on the 12th of next month
What day and time do I need to take my meds?
What date is the football game and who is attending? 
When is my dentist appointment and who is attending?
set a reminder to go to conference room 104 the meeting on the 12th
Schedule a dentist appointment with Jeff for next Wednesday at 1pm.
Set a reminder for a swimming activity at 7 pm Wednesday with my sister.
What is the time and location of my next meeting and who will be attending?
I need a reminder for taking my medicine on August 14th at 7 pm with brother. 
What time is my football activity and with who?
set a reminder to see my dentist at 12 pm tomorrow
i am doing yoga with my brother Wednesday
Schedule an optometrist appointment at 2 pm with Jon.
remind me to check for the laboratory results tomorrow
please make an appointment on tuesday for me to see the doctor
I need a reminder for my doctor appointment on the 1st at 2 pm with Ana. 
Schedule a meeting with the infrastructure team to go over budget on Thursday at 5pm.
When is my doctor's appointment?
what time is my appointment today
what time is my meeting
give me the date and time of my dentist appointment
Schedule dinner with Martha later this week at 11am.
Please remind me I'm going to a swimming party at 5 pm on July 7th with Martha
when is my next yoga class scheduled
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my aunt on the 10th at 1pm.
On what date is my conference? What is it about, and who will be there?
what day is the football game
I need to schedule a conference. 
Schedule a yoga activity at 5 pm Wednesday with Ana. 
What time is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
Can you tell me who's attending my next tennis activity? Also the date? 
what is the date location and time of my next conference
What is the date of my next lab appointment and who will be attending it?
in which day do i have doctor's appointment
schedule a meeting for 2 pm
Who is going to my optometrist appointment and what time is it?
What is the date of my swimming activity and who is attending?
remind me about that meeting later
set a date for the next tennis match
set an appointment for swimming
what time is my meeting today
What is the date, time, and agenda for my next conference? 
set alarm for dinner tonight
When is my lab appointment?
schedule meeting
can you tell me what day and what the agenda is for the business meeting i have in the 100 conference room
Please set a reminder that I have a conference call with the VP on August 14th at 6pm.
Schedule me a lab appointment at 2pm with Marie.
What time and date do you have for my football activity?
What day is my optometrist appointment  and with who?
Find out the parties that are attending my football activity. Also find the time. 
when is my next dental appointment
put on my calendar that i need to get my lab results this thursday at 3:30
What time is my lab appointment and who is attending?
Schedule an optometrist appointment 
Schedule dinner with my sister please. 
what time is my swimming lessons this afternoon
reminder of a doctor's appointment at the end of march
Where is the meeting and when is it, also who is attending?
Set reminder for dinner on Thursday at 2 pm with mother. 
I need to find out the time and date for my tennis activity. 
schedule a meeting for monday the 1st
when is my optometrist's appointment on the 12th
Can you set my calendar for Football activity at 1pm, the 4th, with Tom?
What is the time and date of my doctors appointment?
How many people are attending the tennis party, and at what time?
next doctor's appointment
When is my tennis activity?
put my doctor's appointment on my calendar
What date and location is my conference and who is going to be attending?
when is my lab appointment
check the date and time of my doctor's appointment
when am i supposed to swim tomorrow
Remind me about my optometrist appointment at 11am on Monday the 1st with Jeff
Who is attending my dentist appointment and when is it?
What is the date and time for the meeting and what is the agenda?
what time is my doctor appointment
What time and date is my doctor appointment?
I need information about my conference. 
When is the next yoga lesson and who is coming with me?
What is the date and time for my yoga activity?
schedule of yoga class
What is the date and location of my meeting and who is attending?
What time is swimming and who is coming with me?
Schedule a swimming activity with Marie on the 5th at 10am.
set reminder for yoga class on the 12th of this month
Remind me to go to the optometrist at 5pm today with my father.
Set an event for football game this week at 5pm with my brother. 
What day is my meeting? 
What is the date of my lab appointment and who will be attending it?
add my dentist appointment to the calendar
What people have sent an RSVP or responded for the party so far? What time will the party begin? What activities are on the agenda for the party?
I need to schedule a lab appointment. 
What is the location and agenda of my next meeting and who will be attending?
what time is my meeting scheduled
What is the date and time of my next dentist appointment?
i'm taking medicine on the 7th
When is my swimming activity and who is attending?
Schedule a swimming activity with my brother on August 22nd at 2pm.
remind me i have a doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
Please add my optometrist appointment to my schedule for August 3rd.
What time is my meeting and at what location?
i need to schedule a doctor's appointment
What is the date of my lab appointment and who is coming with me .
Who is going with me to the lab appointment and what day is it?
confirm that the meeting for the 12th this month is on at approximately 5 pm
set an appointment to get shots next week
Remind me about dinner at 6 pm with my brother
Hello car, can you schedule a conference for 4pm, this month on the 11th with HR?
Schedule a swimming activity at 11am today with my father.
set a reminder for tennis
set reminder for yoga class on the 12th of this month
Can you schedule a doctor appointment at 10 am, Monday the 1st, with Martha?
tell me when my next tennis game is
When is taking medicine scheduled and who is attending?
Set a schedule for playing tennis with Marie
Can you schedule a reminder for my football activity at 7pm the 8th, with Martha? 
Can you tell me what time my next doctor's appointment is and if anyone is joining me?
Schedule a doctor Appointment. 
I need to find out the date and whoever is attending my lab appointment. 
When is yoga and who is attending?
i need to take medicine on sunday
What's the time and date for the soonest yoga session?
When are we getting together for football? And who's coming?
remind me of my doctors appointment on the 8th at 2 pm
i would like to schedule a meeting on the 12th what is my agenda for that day
What time is my tennis activity and who is attending?
Good morning car, I'd like to schedule a conference at 7pm, next Wednesday with HR please. 
Schedule a football activity at 10 am on the 29th with my aunt.
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending?
Set a reminder for yoga activity at 5 pm on Thursday with mother. 
when do i have dinner planned for
when is my next conference
Hi car, can you find out the time and the parties involved for my Yoga activity? Thanks. 
What is the date and time of my next tennis activity?
will i be able to make it to my meeting on time
set reminder for eye doctor appointment on the 12th at 3 pm
Please look up the date and time of my swimming activity.
What parties am I attending and what are the dates and times?
What is the location, date, and agenda of my meeting?
What time is my medicine and who is involved? 
Schedule a football game on tuesday at 6pm with Marie
car set up appointment for the 12th for my doctor on the calendar
Schedule a meeting with HR for 1PM Tuesday to onboard new members.
Set a reminder for my tennis match with my aunt on the 12th of this month at 9am.
what's on the agenda for today's meeting
What day and time is my swimming activity?
Could you tell me what day and time my meeting is on? 
Schedule a swimming activity with Jon on Thursday at 4 pm.
tell me all the events and meetings scheduled on my calendar for today
Please schedule me an optometrist appointment at 2pm this week with Jon.
i have a meeting tomorrow at 5 pm remind me 10 minutes before hand and attach my agenda to the calendar at 3
i have an optometrist appointment the 7th at 3pm
what's on the agenda for today's meeting
what day is the meeting in the conference room
I need a reminder set for my lab appointment at 5pm today. Jeff is joining. 
can you set a reminder that i have a dinner at 7pm with Marie
Set a reminder for dinner at 9am next Wednesday with mother
schedule a meeting for monday the 1st
check the date and time for my swim lesson
What is the date of my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
get me the time of the doctor's appointment
When and where is my conference and who is attending?
What is the date and time i should take my medicine?
Please remind me to take my medicine at 7 pm today with my mother.
What day are the football parties I'm going to?
schedule meeting
Schedule tennis for 10am on the tenth with Tom
Schedule  a reminder that I have an optometrist appointment at 4 PM with Alex next month on the 13th.
Schedule a conference at 1 pm with management. 
Remind me about going swimming on the 7th with dad, at 2 pm
set a meeting in the conference room 100
Schedule a tennis activity for 3 pm on Saturday with my father.
I need information about my yoga. 
set a reminder for the conference
when is the meeting
tell me when my dinner reservations are scheduled for
remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow
Set a reminder for a meeting to sign the NDA on the 7th at 2pm with the vice president 
set reminder for yoga classes on the 12th of this month
Tell me when i'm going swimming
Schedule a tennis activity with Alex on the 13th at 11am.
what time is my yoga appointment
What time is my football activity and who is attending?
check out my appointment
find out what time my eye doctor appointment is
Schedule an optometrist appointment next Friday at 4 pm with Tom
when am i taking my medicine
what is the date and time of the meeting
Set a reminder for the 15th at 6pm. Conference with the executive team. 
Schedule a meeting at 4pm today, with the boss, to discuss dress code
Please schedule a dentist appointment at 3pm the 7th, with aunt.
What time is my next football activity and who will be attending?
Can you look up the what time my football game is this week?
i need to schedule a conference room
I need to find out the date and time of my Dentist appointment, please. 
remind me about meeting later
Schedule a dentist appointment with Ana for the 15th of this month at 2pm.
what time is my yoga appointment
please tell me about the time and date my next meeting is scheduled for and what i hope to accomplish it
Set a reminder for tennis at 2 pm with Tom next month on the 13th.
Schedule a meeting for 6 pm with HR
add tennis on wednesday at 5 to my calendar
What time do I need to take my medicine? 
Set a reminder for dentist appointment at 5 pm on the 2nd with Ana. 
Find out the date and time for my Swimming activity. 
Who is attending my swimming activity and when is it?
Schedule a football activity with Martha on Sunday at 4pm.
What is the time and date for my yoga activity?
What time is my meeting, what is the agenda, and who is going?
What day and time is my football activity?
What is the date and time of my next swimming activity?
set a reminder for doctor's appointment
remind me about dinner tonight
Schedule a yoga activity with my father on the 3rd at 3 pm.
Set a reminder that I have a lab appointment with my aunt next Wednesday at 1pm
car what is the date and time of my next appointment with my optometrist
Set a reminder for a conference with vice president at 3 pm on Saturday. 
Find out the parties attending and the time for my soonest lab appointment. 
set up a group meeting at the conference room for next week
Schedule a conference with the sales team on the 6th at 9am.
i need to set up a reminder to go to the dentist
set a reminder for the conference
set a reminder for my yoga class at 10 in the morning tomorrow
confirm that the meeting for the 12th this month is on at approximately 5 pm
will i be able to make it to my meeting on time
I need a reminder set for football activity on August 22th at 5 pm with Jeff. 
please set a conference reminder. I need it at 10 am, the tenth, with my vice president. 
Please schedule my yoga class at 1pm on Thursday with Jon.
Can you find out the date and parties attending for my tennis activity? 
when and where is my next meeting
I have a doctor appointment next month on the 13th at 11 am with Tom. Please set a reminder. 
schedule a meeting for 2 pm
Set a reminder for an optometrist appointment with jeff later this week at 3pm
Schedule a optometrist appointment with Tom today at 7pm.
check calendar for when my doctor's appointment is
make a note to find a restaurant to eat at at 5 pm on the 12th
i would like to schedule a meeting on the 12th what is my agenda for that day
I need to schedule a lab appointment. 
What date is my tennis activity and who is attending?
Set a reminder for dinner at 5pm on the 6th with Jeff.
Schedule a swimming activity at 9am on August 22nd with Ana.
Remind me about a optometrist appointment on Tuesday at 2 pm, my sister will be coming
who is coming to my doctor appointment with me?
What time is dinner and who is coming?
find out when my next conferences
What day and at what time do I take my medicine?
can you check the time and date of my dinner?
I need you to set a schedule for a meeting at 3pm, the 5th with vice president to onboard new members
add meeting in conference room 102 the calendar
Set a reminder for dinner at 1pm on the 10th with my father. 
What time is my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
Reminder for optometrist. 
What time is my doctor appointment and who is attending with me?
Good evening car, Set a reminder about a swimming activity at 3pm, December 10th with aunt, set it for 1pm.
what time should i get my shot this afternoon
Set a schedule for a meeting at 5pm, 6th of this month with HR to sign the NDA.
remind me about my son's football practice at 2 tomorrow
set a reminder about my swim meet next wednesday at 3 pm
What is the date and time of my next football activity? 
check to see if i have any meetings or conferences in the near future
What is the date of my next dentist appointment and who will be attending it with me?
Car, schedule a reminder for a doctor's appointment at 4pm, the 7th with Tom. 
Remind me to take my medicine with Ana at 2pm, august 3.
which day is my appointment on
Set a reminder for swimming on the 1st at 5pm with Martha
Please tell me what dates my football events are.
put a reminder in my calendar for tomorrow at 5 pm meeting
Who is attending the swimming event and when is it?
Schedule a meeting with the vice president to discuss the company picnic on Sunday at 2pm.
Schedule a doctor appointment with Alex for the 29th at 11am.
Dinner, what time and date?
set up a group meeting at the conference room for next week
what time is my yoga class
Set a reminder for a doctors appointment on the 4th at 3pm with Jon
What is the date and time for my dentist appointment?
when is my next dentist appointment
what time is my next workout?
set doctor's appointment for next week
Looking for the day and people attending my lab appointment. 
can you schedule in my dentist appointment today
I need you to schedule a reminder to take my medicine at 7 pm. Mark it on the 1st, with Ana. Please. 
when is my next appointment
Schedule a optometrist appointment with my sister next week at 10am.
When is yoga, and who is going?
Schedule a meeting on the 2nd at 3 pm with the infrastructure team to go over quarterly reports. 
What date is my optometrist appointment and what parties are attending?
what time is my swimming lessons scheduled
What time is my next yoga activity and who will be attending?
What is the date and time of my next tennis activity?
i'm taking medicine at 7pm with Marie
Reminder to take medicine. 
can you tell me what day and what the agenda is for the business meeting i have in the 100 conference room
what time is the meeting
I need to set a reminder for dinner. 
i know what time my doctor's appointment is
Schedule a conference at 4pm, on the 1st, with HR
Schedule a dentist appointment on the 8th at 1 pm with my aunt.
what time is my doctor appointment
remind me of the time for today's dinner
Schedule a yoga activity with Alex for the 2nd at 1pm.
Schedule a swimming activity with my brother for next Wednesday at 2pm.
What date and time is my football activity?
Schedule a reminder for a doctor appointment with my father on August 22nd at 10am
when will my lab results be in
set reminder to make doctor's appointment
What time does my next dinner gathering start and who will be attending?
what time is the football game
Hello car. Hi I want to find out the time and the parties attending my lab appointment please. 
find what time my lab appointment is for
when's my next scheduled yoga class
i know what time my doctor's appointment is
What day is the football activity and who is coming?
What time is my next dinner and who will be attending it?
What is the date and time of my next yoga activity?
insert reminder to take my pills in the calendar
tell me when is my next meeting and who are invited in the meeting and what are the agenda of the next meeting
What time is my next football activity and who will be attending?
Where is my conference, what is it about, and what day is it.
Set a reminder for dinner at 3PM on Sunday with my aunt.
I need a reminder, it's for a swimming activity at 10am, 14th of August, with mother.
please tell me about the time and date my next meeting is scheduled for and what i hope to accomplish it
Schedule a reminder for my yoga class at 7pm on my calendar with Tom.
schedule a new meeting
What is the date of my next medicine activity and who will be attending?
I need a reminder for the dinner later this week. 
I need to find out the time and parties attending for my medicine taking. 
Set a reminder for my conference with management later this week at 11 am.
remind me what's planned for the meeting today
what time is my dentist appointment
Remind me about my meeting on the 29th at 4pm with the executive team to onboard new members. 
Schedule a reminder to take medicine at 2 pm on Monday the 1st with Ana. 
Set a calendar reminder for dinner with my mother at 4pm.
remind me of my dentist appointment
August 3rd at 10 am I am going swimming with my brother. 
What is the date for my doctor's appointment and who will be attending?
put my eye doctor appointment into the calendar it's tomorrow at 3 pm and remind me 2 hours before
Can you schedule an optometrist appointment at 1pm, Friday, with Martha? 
Can you set a reminder for my lab appointment? It needs to be at 5pm, August 22nd, with Martha. 
remind me i have a tennis match on the 12th
Hi, Can I set a scedule about football at 3 PM next week with Alex?
when's my doctor's appointment
remind me to go to the football game on december 12th at 4:50 pm
Hi car, I need to find out the time and date for my dinner please. 
What time is my lab appointment and what parties are attending?
Schedule a tennis activity at 9 am on Monday August 8th with Ana.
Schedule a conference with management on the 7th at 2pm.
What time do I play tennis, and who is coming?
Schedule a conference with HR. 
Schedule an appointment at 5PM at the end of March with Tom.
What is the date and time for my doctor appointment?
schedule a blood test
Set a reminder for lab appointment today at 3 pm with sister. 
Schedule a reminder for football with Ana on the 15th of this month at 11am.
what time is my doctor's appointment
set alarm for dinner tonight
tell me when my doctor's appointment is
when is my optometrist's appointment on the 12th
mark on my calendar that i am going to the football game this saturday at 3:30
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my brother this month on the 11th at 3pm.
What time is my tennis match and who is it with? 
Please tell me what time my yoga activity is and who will be attending. 
when's my next scheduled yoga class
What day and time is my dentist appointment?
Show me all information regarding my upcoming dentist appointment. 
what day is the football game
Please add a yoga activity to my schedule on the 29th at 4pm with Tom.
schedule a doctors appointment on the 12th
What is the time and location of my next conference and who will be attending it?
Set a reminder for yoga on the 2nd with father at 5pm
schedule tennis for 4:50 pm on the 12th
What is the time, location, and agenda of my next conference?
i have a doctor's appointment to go to at 12 pm
Schedule a yoga activity with Alex on August 14th at 1pm.
schedule my eye doctor appointment
What time is my doctors appointment and who is attending?
Schedule a yoga activity at 2pm on the 5th of this month with Alex.
What time is my next swimming activity and who will be attending?
Schedule a reminder for me to take my medicine today with my father at 1pm.
I need to schedule a Doctor's appointment. 
What is the date of my next lab appointment and who will be attending?
What time and date is my conference and what is the agenda?
Set a reminder for me for the meeting next week at 5pm with my boss in which we will go over the budget.
Where and on what day is my meeting, and what is the agenda?
What time and date is my dentist appointment?
what day is my yoga class
Schedule a meeting with executive team to discuss the company picnic on the 8th at 7 pm
What is the date of my meeting, who will be there, and what time does it start?
find what time my doctor appointment is for
Set a reminder for yoga next month on the 13th at 6pm with my mom.
i have a doctor's appointment to get a tooth removed and i have to go
Car, remind me to take my medicine at 11 am, with Jeff.
Remind me about my optometrist appointment on Thursday with my brother
Set a reminder for me to take my medicine at 10am when I meet with my sister at the end of March.
what is the date and time of the meeting
tell me when i have yoga class
Remind me about my doctor appointment at 9 am today, my sister is coming.
when am i supposed to swim tomorrow
Set a reminder for a meeting with my boss on the 12th of this month at 10am to discuss the budget.
set reminder for yoga classes on the 12th of this month
When is my swimming activity and who will be there? 
I need to know when my football activity is and with whom. 
Hi, I need to know some information about my upcoming conference, specifically, when and where it will take place, and what will be on the agenda. 
i have a dinner on tuesday
Schedule me a meeting today at 3pm, with management to onboard new members.
Find out the date and time for my dentist appointment
What time is my swimming activity and who is going to be attending?
tell me the time and date that my next tennis game is scheduled at
Remind me about my optometrist appointment on Thursday at 11 am, my aunt is coming
Please, set a reminder for a meeting at 1pm with HR to sign the NDA!
remind me that i have a meeting at work on the 12th at 5 pm in conference room 100
Schedule a conference with the executive team at 5 pm on the 6th .
Schedule a swimming activity with Alex for the 13th at 1pm.
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
check doctor's appointment date
What time is the tennis activity and who is attending?
Set a reminder for dinner at 7pm on the 6th with my brother.
what time do the lab results come in
Schedule a calendar reminder for yoga with Jeff at 6pm on the 5th.
What is the date and time of my next swimming activity?
can you schedule a football game next month on the 13th?
remind me when my next doctor's appointment is
what time is my dinner reservation
set a reminder for the lab request on 12th
What is the date for my doctor appointment and who is attending?
Set a reminder to take medicine at 9am on the 12th of this month with Alex.
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending?
what is the date and time of my next exercise class
Schedule a conference with the boss on the 2nd at 2pm.
when should i take my medicine next
schedule my tennis class
what is the agenda of my meeting today
Schedule a tennis match for 3pm this week with Jeff.
When is my doctors appointment and who is going?
schedule my doctors appointment on the 12th
What time is the swimming party and who is attending?
Can you schedule dinner with Tom at 6pm today?
Info about meeting. 
remind me there's a football game on the 12th
Do you know who's coming for tennis? And when is it taking place?
what is the date of my next yoga class
When is my swimming activity and who is attending?
What time and date do I have football scheduled next?
Remind me that I have yoga with Ana at 4 pm on Wednesday
What is the date and time for my optometrist appointment?
Remind me about swimming with Jeff later this week at 4 pm.
what time is my doctor's appointment
Please schedule me a yoga activity with Tom on the 4th at 5pm.
next doctor's appointment
remind me to go get a shot tomorrow
please schedule a game of tennis with my friend for next week
who is coming with me to my doctor appointment
check calendar for when my doctor's appointment is
What time is my lab appointment and who will be attending it?
car what is the date and time of my next appointment with my optometrist
i have a dentist appointment on the 12th of this month
Schedule a tennis activity with Martha for the end of March at 9am.
Schedule conference with vice president. 
Car, set a reminder for a conference at 6 pm. I need it on the 1st with my boss.
What time is my yoga class, and who all will be there?
please make an appointment on tuesday for me to see the doctor
When is my optometrist appointment? 
when is my scheduled appointment for my lab
schedule a meeting for today
When is my football activity and who is attending?
what time is my tennis match for this saturday
Can you find out the parties attending and the date for the day I take my medicine?
set a reminder for 10
I need a reminder about a lab appointment. 
Schedule a football activity with Tom on the 4th at 6pm.
What is the time and date of my football activity?
remind me about that meeting later
confirm meeting for 4:50 pm on the 12th
what time is my meeting tomorrow and what is the agenda
Remind me about my doctor's appointment at 1pm on thursday, with Tom
What is the date and time of dinner?
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my brother on Friday at 3pm.
Schedule a swimming activity with Ana for the 1st at 2pm.
remind me of the time for today's dinner
Can you find out the parties attending and time for my optometrist appointment? 
is my doctors appointment on Tuesday or Wednesday
check the date and time for my swim lesson
What time is my lab appointment and who is coming?
what time is my meeting at
remind me about the date and time that he was going to be there and what the agenda is for his business meaning
What is the date and time of my next football activity?
when am i scheduled for tennis lessons
what time am i scheduled to play tennis at
What time is my meeting and what is the agenda, also who is attending?
When is my tennis?
When is the date and time of my dentist appointment?
What time is my next yoga activity and who will be attending?
What time and date is my lab appointment? 
What is the date and time of my next lab appointment?
when is my doctor's appointment
What time is my football activity and who is attending?
What time is the optometrist appointment and who is going?
when's my doctor's appointment
What is the date of my next optometrist appointment and who will be attending?
when is my next yoga class
What time do i have to take medicine and who is helping ? 
What time is my next swimming activity and who will be attending?
give me the time for my next doctor's appointment
what time is my workout class today
tell me what day and time i scheduled my blood test for this month
I need the time and parties for taking medicine please.
Car, find the date and time for my Tennis activity.
What time is my next tennis activity and who will be attending?
Find out the parties joining me and date for my doctor appointment.
When is my dentist appointment, the date and time?
tell me all the events and meetings scheduled on my calendar for today
when is my dentist appointment
check the date and time of my doctor's appointment
I want to find the agenda, location, and time for my meeting.
I would like to know who is attending my meeting and when it is. 
Can you find out for me the date and parties attending my dinner?
I need to find out the date and time for my lab appointment. 
check doctor's appointment date
What day and time is my dental appointment set for?
Info about football please. 
which day is my appointment on
What time is my next dinner event and who will be attending?
what day is the football game
what is on my schedule today
check my agenda for my meetings
What time is my doctor's appointment and who is going with me?
Find out the date and parties attending for my optometrist appointment. 
what time is my dinner reservation
I need to find out the parties attending and the date for my lab appointment, thanks. 
What is the date and location for my conference and who is attending?
What time do I take my medicine and who is attending?
who will be at the meeting friday
what time is my lab appointment for
What date is my dentist appointment and who is attending?
What is the date of my yoga activity and who will be attending it?
Please tell me the location, time and parties that are attending my meeting
What time is the doctors appointment and who is attending?
Car, find out the time and parties attending for my tennis activity. 
find out when my next conferences
I need to find out some info for my Optometrist appointment, the date and time please. 
what is the date and time of my next meeting
Please give me information about my conference. 
can you tell me the next day that i have an appointment with the eye doctor
What time is my lab appointment and who will be attending?
What is the date and time of my next meeting and who will be attending it?
I need to find out the date and time for my swimming activity! 
What is the date and time for my yoga activity?
